"x"
"1" "Why?
Kirk Franklin

Verse One: I pledge allegiance to the (tell me what we
gone do) I used to know you but (you don't call you
used to do) if you still love me can I (give me a
chance just to say how I feel it may hurt you but what
I'm saying is for real) we're killing babies and (I
love to see children play) I've got depression
(there's a new pill I saw today) how hypocritical to
(nothing is wrong take a pricture and just smile
money's coming after while)

Chorus One: Why oh why (3x) we keep believing lies did
laci have to die why oh why Lord tell me when our
change is gon come

Verse Two: There are not fathers and (the system's
holding me down) sisters are dying of AIDS (I know my
man don't sleep around) don't be stupid listen (we all
gone die and since you only live once you do you you go
head live your life) we're building chruches but (my
pastor is on tv) but are we building people (I filed
for divorce last week) we're wasting money tell me
(why should I save let me have my worldly things God
said he'll supply needs) that ain't what I mean

Chorus Two: Why oh why (3x) can't our soilders come
back home it seem like innocence is gone are people
still losing jobs we're spending money building bombs
Lord tell me when our change is gone come

Bridge: I just wanna be free

Verse Three: Wake up no more sleeping (seems like my
life ain't gone change) let's stop making excuses (I
pray but things still stay the same) see Jesus said
that he will (please take this pain I can't make it on
my own ain't no sunshine when you're gone)

Vamp: Why oh why (13x) Don't we give you a chance put
our life in you hands are we afraid to say you name is
it because we want the fame did my homeboy have to take
his life that homeless man's outside tonight when
trouble comes we wanna pray our country pushes you
away Lord tell me when our change is gone come"
